After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github. You do not have to worry about pushing to Heroku this week.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. https://github.com/jxxb/cse341-project-master

2. I noticed there wasn't a #2 right here so I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you for the way you are preparing us students at BYU-I for our future careers.  I want to gain as much as I can from these classes.  Please let me know how I can change and become a more effective or helpful students as I go throughout this class!  Thank you again!

3. Prove1.js is linked to the CSE341 repo website and can be found at localhost:5000/prove1.  At the address, form.ejs shows two input fields for first and last name.  Once the form is submitted, it displays the result to the user from the file display.ejs.

4. All pieces are working in accordance with Prove01's expectations

5. I learned that this is one of the ways that Node.js/Javascript work together, and it feels so much simplier than when I had to do something like this in PHP.

6. Honestly, the video you send really helped me understand things a lot better.  I started programming when I started college here last year and so many things are brand new to me. I am not at a stage where I can figure out how to use code like <%= variable %>.  I think if you continue being as diligent to helping students like me in the way you did this week, I can learn a lot more.  If I can figure it out on my own, I will not hesitate to do the research and study on my own.  However, more often than not, I struggle figuring it out all out all by myself.  Thank you for your help, I really appreciate it!

7.  5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. I thought about simple ways I could make this assignment my own, I had two input boxes and a submit button so I made the input fields into username and password until I realized that practically you don't want to have your password be displayed.  I changed it to say first and last name and instead of coding Submit, or Send into the submit button, I added my own creative spin on things and used the term "Send it" to name the button.